Nobody from the show has ever once inspired me. I I met I've only seen maybe one or two episodes at the most
I mean, I'm not a big fan of the show
- Why are you then the next American Idol ?
- Because I can hit the high pitch notes
I think I am what they are looking for it's not that many redheads you see on TV this day and age
- It's true
- That a fact that I look like carrot, a sort of, but do you know something ? Everyone says I'm way cooler than him
Steven what's up, man?
How you doing sir okay? So you're known as red. Yes, sir. I am and your real name is Steven
Yes, sir okay Steven why?
Did you enter this competition? I like competition I?
Figured what what the heck take a chance?
Yeah, have you seen the show I?
Honestly, I've only seen it a couple of times. I try to keep busy as much as possible
I don't know that much, but you know what it's all about yes, sir
Okay, who you as good as in your opinion the lead singer from Queen pretty much. Yes, yes, sir
Okay
And what are you gonna sing today?
Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen all right
I
Counsel new country as well Oh
Stephen
I've heard some weird auditions in my life
But I've got to tell you that is possibly the weirdest I've ever heard in my life. I mean it was
It was like a one-year-old singing
No, I'm not being harsh Stephen if that's what it was like I mean it was
Weird oh I'm also a lot of practice as well ii mean last time. I took formal lessons was back in high school
All right, I would have been struck to say
Back, then I was getting always annoying concert
Choir you think that would win you this?
competition actually with some practice and what with
Some coaching I can actually win it I think there is just lack of practice and coaching which is the problem yes, sir
Who should be your coach? Well of course I Minh thinks that he knows it all and knows what the hell
He's talking about bring it on what I do bring it on come on you think you're so damn
Hot yeah coach me I couldn't
it would be like coaching a
One-legged man to wind a hundred meters sprint
You know I may be a great coach, but if you haven't got it. You haven't got it
Hey the way I see it. Don't don't be about it, or don't hey
Don't think about be about it. All right. Don't sing just bring it all right
This is just ridiculous. If you don't mind me saying
And I'm not being rude
Yes or no Simon no Paula
Thank you very much, thank you Steve
Lean on me when you're not strong
And I'll be your friend, I'll help you carry
on
No
It won't be long
Till I'm gonna need somebody
to me you know oh
This has been one of the worst days. We've ever had and
You are probably the worst
We've had today
But the locals were defiant well the reason I tried out for American
Idol is I feel that it's a good way to show off your talent. My mom is here today
She's been very supportive, Mischa. How you feeling about the audition I'm excited yeah
Yeah, I think it's gonna go. I think it's gonna go well. Well. You know part of it singing part of its image
Tell me about your style here. You look too, sexy. It's sexy yes mm-hmm
To me the reason I'm sexy is is more of an attitude in my opinion. It's not just your look
That makes you sexy it's confidence. It's an attitude. That's just something that you project to people
Does she get her any of her talent or her sense of style from you? Oh?
Maybe I studied music I played in the high school band, and I used to say me myself
No, so you brought sexy once and she's bringing it back
Sorry hello Misha
So your whole name is uh
Darwin Misha Reedy, and what are you doing, Misha? I'm a student and a writer. What kind of stuff
Do you write I've written in novella actually about a singing competition
mm-hmm actually there's a character inspired by u s-- i'm
Inspired you do
You notice
Well, I've been watching this show from season 1 and actually my mom kind of encouraged me
Alright, so what's your singing today? I'm singing don't you buy the Pussycat Dolls
Is your mom here, yes, she came along with you, huh
Yes, she did you want to bring your mom in does that help you yeah, that would be fine with me. Yeah, okay, okay?
If you were one of the judges and she sang whoo hi there
Welcome to American Idol season six thank you you just need to swap hey you two don't here
So she's gonna perform this song don't you have you heard her do that I've heard her sing it
I do believe in her talent. That's very beautiful as a matter of fact
We incidentally both together wrote. Oh nothing. I mentioned that a tree. Yes, that's right
We love
Actually she used to dance when she was you know to your
Music everything in her home was straight up with straight oh
Go for it don't you buy the pussycat don't know stay right there?
Okay, that's fine right there great I
Know you like me. I know you do
That's why whenever I come around. She's all
Over you and I know you want it
It's easy to see and in the back of your mind. I know you should be on with me
Don't you wish your girlfriend was hot like me don't you wish your girlfriend was a freak like me?
Don't you know?
Well okay, I mean could I try something else could I just do a little bit of Sweet Home, Alabama
Is that a doughnut, Sweet Home, Alabama?
Joey okay, I wouldn't
Okay, I'm not being rude
That was your Stan that was
For me sitting here mom you can come over a polling. Okay. All right as a mother
Can you stand listening that I think you know? She's you know very nervous? I am I am. Yeah
I'm nervous sort of son you know Sweet Home, Alabama because she's
Warm up right right? I should have done that yeah girls nice to meet you
Good thank you, okay?
American Idol yes. We do we do we've gone
You didn't make it your buddy here Jonathan is about to go in what would you like to tell him before he goes in front?
Of the judges you've been in there you see hardest you try your hardest and give it all you got all right
And have fun with it, okay
All right next
Hi, what's up, baby? Hey you all right? Yep. I'm great have you borrowed Randy's trousers
All right, Jonathan, so I hear you've made friends with Kenneth yes, and
You didn't do too well
Okay, okay, you gonna do better than that okay? Well do you think you can win I?
Think I could why um because I'm different and I have I have an amazing personality that if you put me through
You'll see you'll see it. What are you gonna say god Bless America, right?
Bless america
Stand beside her and
Sends real good
he's been practicing a lot stairs in the holding room, so he's
Sounds like he's ready. I've got my arms and my fingers crossed for
White with
America
Beautiful I
Think you I think
the spirit that you have and you do have a great personality I
Think I don't think this competition is right for you, but I appreciated your audition look Jonathan look
You're a nice guy right. I like you but
this is not the
career path for you
It's enough okay
Thank you, Jonathan. Thanks for coming out dude always believe in yourself because Nate you'll make it through this on the right to
Describe that moment right then when you first laid out on Jenn I have been waiting for this Jennifer Lopez
For more years and I can even put into words right now. Oh
What are you gonna think?
For you, it's one of my favorite songs. Okay. Do the stool somewhere?
From this time
For you
Sweetie
You're a sweetheart
The vocals you know I'm not strong enough
It's just not dude so sweet. I really wanted your vocals to be where your personality is registan, man
Yes, they are I have one more
On rare occasions, can you split art up into subjective and objective subjective being opinion objective being?
right or wrong
and this is very easy to
Say the your singing just wasn't there so we should vote it's okay after saying I run all I'm sorry. It's a no
Thank you for coming man. Thank You Ronald
Thank you, man
Sorry sweetie
JLo it's killing
He's strong, let's go, let's do it
I'll be here every year to can discover three years
I can do it in two, maybe hey, whatever I'll do it, but until then I'm gonna keep on pushing
That's right. You go me walk out of here proud
You